Tidy the project (#24)
suhr/sana: README.md

# Sana
[![Rust](https://github.com/suhr/sana/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)](https://github.com/suhr/sana/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)

> Sana is a lexer generator for Rust. It provides a easy way to create a lexical analyzer for a language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sana is a lexer generator for Rust. It provides a easy way to create a lexical analyzer and can be integrated with lalrpop.
```

Author: `lalrpop` is not that special.

Reviewer: ... and other parser generators.

Unlike other lexer generator, Sana supports extended regular expressions, which allow you to express your intent more clearly. For example, you can write `"[[:punct:]]+" & !".*--.*"` to represent a sequence of punctuation characters which does not contain `--`.

At compile time, Sana:

- Constructs an deterministic state automata from the token definitions

> - Generates code from the automata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TODO: Generates code from the automata
```

Author: Not quite a TODO, since IR is also a kind of code. But fair enough, I should make it more clear.
